Update with information and photos from NatureBridge site visit (#18)
rubyforgood/rubybythebay.org: naturebridge.md

---
layout: page
---
### Venue information

2019 Ruby by the Bay will be held March 28 - April 1 (Friday - Monday) at NatureBridge in Sausalito, California.

![Aerial photo of venue next to the ocean](/images/naturebridge_from_above.jpg "Aerial photo of venue next to the ocean"){:class="img-responsive"}

###### What is this beautiful place??

![Photo of NatureBridge signage in front of some of their buildings](/images/naturebridge_sign.jpg "Photo of NatureBridge signage in front of some of their buildings"){:class="img-responsive"}

NatureBridge is a nonprofit that focuses on educating kids about the environment.  They have school groups during the school year, and run day camps during the summers.

###### Seriously how is it this beautiful??

NatureBridge is lucky enough to lease their space from the National Park Service. It's housed in Golden Gate National Recreation Area. The campus was originally created by the Army.

###### What will sleeping arrangements be like?
We have four bunkhouses:

> * Non-binary people (Owl's Roost)

Reviewer: I commented about this in Slack but not sure if anyone saw it.  
I wonder if we will have enough non-binary people who register to fill a dorm?  Maybe we don't need to get so specific yet and we can see who registers and what their needs are and then work to make our space fit the needs of them?

* Women's (Heron)
* Men's (Pelican)
* All genders (Raven)

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we actually don't need to get specific and name the dorms, since we don't know the breakdown of who will attend and their preferences it might be hard to allocate dorms and if we have this here we're making a commitment super early to people where they will be staying.

All bunkhouses have shockingly clean bathrooms attached.  Toilets are in stalls and showers have curtains.  Some of the spaces may have (coin-operated) laundry available.

The bunkhouses have hot water and are heated.

![Photo showing off view of the lagoon from the bunks](/images/naturebridge_bunks_and_view.jpg "Photo showing off view of the lagoon from the bunks"){:class="img-responsive"}

> Many of the bunks have fantastic views of the outdoors!  Some bunks have power outlets available; please let us know if you require a power outlet for your CPAP and we'll help make sure you get an appropriate bed.

Reviewer: Maybe we could change this to say "please let us know if you require a power outlet and we will do our best to accommodate"

I don't have a CPAP but if I was staying there I'd need an outlet so I could pump.  Other people might have various reasons.  I think it's better if we leave it a little more open ended so that people can explain their needs, there may be reasons we can't think of too....

The dining hall includes a small alcove inside if you'd like to be in a slightly more isolated space. Or consider taking your meal on their terrace?

![Photo of dining hall terrace](/images/naturebridge_dining_terrace.jpg "Photo of dining hall terrace"){:class="img-responsive"}

Note: we will not have access to the dining hall outside of mealtimes.

###### Where will we be when we are not sleeping?

We'll be using a few function spaces very close to each other around the small campus.  While some of the spaces have single-gendered bathrooms, many of the spaces have all-gender bathrooms.

If you and/or your pair would like to get away, you can always check if wifi will reach some of the outdoor seating spaces!

![Photo of several seats made of stumps in a ring](/images/naturebridge_stump_circle.jpg "Photo of several seats made of stumps in a ring"){:class="img-responsive"}

![Photo of picnic benches overlooking the lagoon](/images/naturebridge_picnic_benches_above_lagoon.jpg "Photo of picnic benches overlooking the lagoon"){:class="img-responsive"}

> After dinner, if you're not into karaoke, pull up a seat at the firering!  No promises there won't be a rousing game of Werewolf happening by the fire though.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After dinner, we encourage you to set the coding aside for a little while and get to know your fellow do gooders.  Throw a frisbee, play board games, sing karaoke, or pull up a seat at the firering (No promises there won't be a rousing game of Werewolf happening by the fire though).  Have another idea for a fun activity? Bring it along.  We've had great fun in the past with dancing lessons, meditation and bubble parties all organized by attendees.
```
